welcome to the bottom of the world back
go any further south you'll fall off the
planet in Antarctica the most isolated
region on earth survival expert Jerry
Shepard and the crew of the United
States research base are about to embark
on the last mission of this season dr.
McClaren needs to get to Mount Melbourne
there's only one way to make that trip
and that's what the dogs the dogs Arlene
we got my best girl Maya this is shorty
all brawn ain't no brain but we love him
that's max he's still in training
what the granddaddy of the bar told Jack
you went around buddy mmm translation
wow that be out we got the twins Dewey
Truman a great one shadow the red ones
buck where are we going Dry Valleys and
like the dogs know where they're going
gonna Melbourne huh that's incredible
all right gene last eye Candace is it
like
doc don't move you're outside the safety
Jack easy Maya
take it to him all right
dr. McClaren proper medical attention
will you do about the dogs we can only
carry what we can we can fly right back
bring the dogs out I'll be back I
promise
the storm of the century is hitting how
are we gonna get the dog nobody flies
back not in this weather those dogs are
my family we can't just leave them out
there
eight heroes will be stranded at the
bottom of the world and as they make
their way across the frozen wilderness
all they can count on is each other
never underestimate any living spirits
will to survive especially when they're
surrounded by family and the one man I
gotta get back there will stop at
nothing to bring them home but O'Toole
from Walt Disney Pictures comes the most
incredible story of survival friendship
they saved my life he's eight amazing
dogs and adventure ever told you got to
take chances for the things you care
about
eight below inspired by a true story
you